org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessor.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor$WhereOptions
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/globalization/GlobalizationError.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.GlobalizationError
org/apache/cordova/batterystatus/BatteryListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.batterystatus.BatteryListener
 org.apache.cordova.batterystatus.BatteryListener$1
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$1
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$2
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$3
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$4
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/devicemotion/AccelListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.devicemotion.AccelListener
 org.apache.cordova.devicemotion.AccelListener$1
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
org/apache/cordova/dialogs/Notification.java
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6$1
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
ubx/cordova/plugin/Uplugin.java
 com.ubx.cordova.plugin.Uplugin
 com.ubx.cordova.plugin.Uplugin$1
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
org/apache/cordova/camera/GalleryPathVO.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.GalleryPathVO
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
org/greaterwms/app/BuildConfig.java
 org.greaterwms.app.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
org/greaterwms/app/MainActivity.java
 org.greaterwms.app.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/darryncampbell/plugin/intent/CordovaPluginIntentFileProvider.java
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.CordovaPluginIntentFileProvider
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessorSdk5.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessorSdk5
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/deviceorientation/CompassListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.deviceorientation.CompassListener
 org.apache.cordova.deviceorientation.CompassListener$1
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/Capture.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture$1
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactInfoDTO.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactInfoDTO
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
org/apache/cordova/globalization/Globalization.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization$1
com/darryncampbell/plugin/intent/IntentShim.java
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.IntentShim
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.IntentShim$1
